So now we have all of our permissions
up and running.
There's still one more thing,
which is like when you sign out,
let's go to the Sell page here and copy that year out.
When you sign out and you still go to the Sell page,
you still see this UI for creating something.
And it won't work because we've implemented the rules,
but it might be confusing to our users
to see the fact that someone sent them this year around
and they start to upload their thing
and they're like, ah, you don't have access to do that.
So we should not even show them this UI at all.
So for that, let's head back to our front end here
and we'll go to our Components Director,
and we're gonna make a gated sign-in component,
which basically will render out the sign-in component
if the user is not signed in first.
So what we'll do is go to our components, make a new file.
We will call that PleaseSignIn.js,
capital P, capital S, capital I,
and we'll make a function, export default function.
That function will take in children,
'cause this is going to wrap components.
And then we will say, me is equal to useUser.
We'll import that hook ourselves.
So useUser, no, it's not working,
so import useUser from user.
And basically, we say if there is no me,
so if I'm not signed in, we return our SignIn component.
So import SignIn from SignIn.
And if they are signed in, we'll just return the children.
And what that will do is just render out what we had hoped.
So I'm in a logged out state right now on the Sell page.
What we'll do is we'll go to the Sell page
and we'll wrap that create product
in a PleaseSignIn component,
put it in the middle.
And now, look at that.
If somebody is not signed in,
then it will just say, Sign Into Your Account.
And the kind of cool thing is that
you can just sign into it right here,
test@example.com, test,
and sign in.
And because when you sign in, we refetch the query,
it'll just rerender this component
with the actual component that you were hoping to get,
which is create product, which is really, really awesome.
So there's a couple of spots
throughout the entire application
that you can wrap your components in this PleaseSignIn.
You could also make another one where
instead of it returning this, it returns nothing
and things like the Buy button or the Delete button
could just not be rendered at all.
I'll let you go ahead and add that
if it's something you'd like to add to your thing.
The only difference would just be
you just return null instead of an actual component,
and then it would just, it would render out nothing,
which is great.
So it's a kind of a cool way to just wrap a component.
It's sort of like a if statement.